# EC327_SoftwareSorcerers
EC327 Final Project From The Software Sorcerers (Ryan Malone, Ryan Bernard, Michael Ross) Web Application Game Called "Hook'd"

To run the project, paste https://rmalone8.github.io/EC327_SoftwareSorcerers/ into your browser.

Hook’d is a single player web application built on HTML, JavaScript, and CSS that is able to save user progress through a username picked by the user. The goal of the game is to be able to complete your collection of fish in your tank by fishing them out of the ocean and playing various mini games. At the moment, there are 25 distinct fish implemented at three different rarities. Some rarities fluctuate based on current weather conditions, being either sunny, rainy, or stormy. When the application launches, the user has the choice to either log-in to their previous save or start new. From the main menu, there is a button that allows the user to be sent to a screen to begin fishing. Once the user indicates they want to fish, they get sent to one of two mini games to play. One mini game is to pop the most bubbles as possible, and the other is to navigate around explosive underwater mines. The bubbles appear randomly on the screen every time the game is played, and range in how large the clusters are. The mine mini game is a little more complicated. A set range of mines appear on the screen, along with a set number of stars. Within the time limit, the player needs to navigate the cursor around all the mines and collect as many stars as possible. If the cursor hits a mine before the time runs out, the mine explodes and the game ends. Based on the mini game score, the user gets a randomly generated fish. Once the fish is named, it is visible in their “tank”. The fish tank is a window that allows the user to see all their fish animated swimming around. In addition to fish, there are a few other “objects” such as garbage, seaweed, treasure, and creatures such as snails and crabs.
